Which scripting language did you select (JavaScript or ActionScript)? Why did you choose this language? Be specific.

I chose to use JavaScript because I am already familiar with JavaScript so I was able to quickly understand the structure of the program and know how and where to make the changes.

What modifications did you make to the script? Include details on what you changed in the code in order to achieve these modifications.

The requirements called for 6 changes: modify the size and speed of the ball, the height and width of the canvas, and the speed of both the ai and player paddles.
To change the ball size, the ball.side variable was changed from 15 to 12 (making the ball 9 pixels smaller).
To change the ball speed, the ball.speed variable was changed from 9 to 12 (making the ball a little bit faster).
To change the height and width of the canvas the HEIGHT contsant was changed from 600 to 500 and the WIDTH constant was changed from 700 to 800 - this resulted in a canvas that was more rectangular than the original.
To change the speed of the ai paddle, the the multiplier on line 80 was changed from 0.1 to 0.075, making the ai paddle move slightly slower than the original (making it a little easier for player to win).
To change the speed of the player paddle, in the player.update method changed the rate from +=7 to +=9 to make the paddle slightly faster than the original (making it even easier for the player to win).

Did you make any advanced modifications? If yes, include details on what you changed in the code in order to achieve these modifications. If no, describe why you chose not to make any advanced modifications.

I have not (yet) made any advanced changes. I chose to teach myself how to use Github for this (and the other projects in this course).The project is in the https://github.com/talfidelis/CMST209_PongGame_Project_1 repository. I created a branch, did several commits and pull requests. Also created a project to keep track of the changes needed.

What issues or challenges did you face completing this project? How did you resolve them? If you did not face any issues or challenges in completing this project, what do you think are some issues or challenges someone new to scripting might face in completing a project like this?

The biggest challenge I had with this project was figuring out where and how to change the speed of the ai paddle. It took me a little while to understand how that worked and to recognize the way the multiplier incrementally moved the ai paddle to converge with the ball. I also had to look up the syntax for the condition ? true : false; syntax as it's been a while since I've seen that syntax for an if/then statement.
